README.md, before:

# CADORS App for Splunk
A Splunk app to process Transport Canada Aviation Safety Data

# Install app on Splunk Enterprise (standalone)
1. Click the Settings gear icon next to **Apps** on the Launcher homepage.
2. Click **Install app from file**.
3. Navigate to **cadors_app_for_splunk.tar.gz**.
4. Click **Upload**.
5. Restart Splunk.

# Add the CADORS Data (XML)
1. Click **Settings**, **Data inputs**
2. Click **Files & Directories**.
3. Click the **New Local File & Directory** button.
4. Use the browse button to navigate to the location of the **CADORS_NATIONAL_{yyyymmdd}_E.xml** data files. You can subscribe to Transport Canada daily emails.
5. Click **Next**.
6. For **Source type**, select **cadors_xml**.
7. For **Index**, click **Create a new index**, set **Index Name** to **cadors_xml**, set **Max Size of Entire Index** to **100MB**, set **App** to **CADORS App for Splunk**.
8. Click **Save**.
9. Click **Review**.
10. Click **Submit**.

# Access the main Dashboard
1. Select **Apps** | **CADORS App for Splunk**.

# Data Download and Cleanse Workflow
To use this app, the raw data file from Transport Canada needs to be downloaded. You can subscribe to Transport Canada daily emails. No additional cleansing is required, the app can process the data in the XML format it originates in.

# Credit for External Lookup Data
The airport details data has been downloaded from **OurAirports.com**. More information on the project and the Public Domain license can be found [here](http://ourairports.com/data/).

# Build details (for OS X)
1. Clone github repo `git clone https://github.com/csyvenky/cadors_app_for_splunk.git`.
2. Make your enhancements and increase the Build and Version numbers in the ./default/app.conf file.
3. Make a tarball of the app folder `tar --exclude='cadors_app_for_splunk/.git*' --exclude='.DS_Store*' -czvf cadors_app_for_splunk.tar.gz cadors_app_for_splunk/`  .
4. Run AppInspect validation via Postman `http://dev.splunk.com/view/appinspect/SP-CAAAFDU`.
5. Test the app installation on clean instance of Splunk.

Commit message:

Updated airport lookup; support for private Splunk Cloud app.

README.md, after:

# CADORS App for Splunk
A Splunk app to process Transport Canada Aviation Safety Data. This app now supports the Splunk Cloud platform.

# Install app on Splunk Enterprise (standalone)
1. Click the Settings gear icon next to **Apps** on the Launcher homepage.
2. Click **Install app from file**.
3. Navigate to **cadors_app_for_splunk.tar.gz**.
4. Click **Upload**.
5. Restart Splunk.

# Add the CADORS Data (XML)
1. Click **Settings**, **Data inputs**
2. Click **Files & Directories**.
3. Click the **New Local File & Directory** button.
4. Use the browse button to navigate to the location of the **CADORS_NATIONAL_{yyyymmdd}_E.xml** data files. You can subscribe to Transport Canada daily emails.
5. Click **Next**.
6. For **Source type**, select **cadors_xml**.
7. For **Index**, click **Create a new index**, set **Index Name** to **cadors_xml**, set **Max Size of Entire Index** to **100MB**, set **App** to **CADORS App for Splunk**.
8. Click **Save**.
9. Click **Review**.
10. Click **Submit**.

# Access the main Dashboard
1. Select **Apps** | **CADORS App for Splunk**.

# Data Download and Cleanse Workflow
To use this app, the raw data file from Transport Canada needs to be downloaded. You can subscribe to Transport Canada daily emails. No additional cleansing is required, the app can process the data in the XML format it originates in.

# Credit for External Lookup Data
The airport details data has been downloaded from **OurAirports.com**. More information on the project and the Public Domain license can be found [here](http://ourairports.com/data/).

# Build details
1. Clone github repo `git clone https://github.com/csyvenky/cadors_app_for_splunk.git`.
2. Make your enhancements and increase the Build and Version numbers in the ./default/app.conf file.
3. Make a tarball of the app folder `tar --exclude='cadors_app_for_splunk/.vscode' --exclude='cadors_app_for_splunk/.git*' --exclude='.DS_Store*' -czvf cadors_app_for_splunk.tar.gz cadors_app_for_splunk/`  .
4. Run AppInspect validation via Postman `http://dev.splunk.com/view/appinspect/SP-CAAAFDU`.
5. Test the app installation on clean instance of Splunk.
